welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the rocket rocket rocket rocket that's
the way to say it rocket rocket is
school FX so this is a premium level
gaming keyboard and before we get too
far into this know it isn't mechanical
but it does have a lot of features that
do set it apart from other keyboards
even at this price range so the MSRP is
something like ninety nine euros but
it's really the software that sets this
guy apart as well as some of the design
things that they've integrated that
really do make it a tool for enhancing
your gaming experience whether it's to
make you better or whether it's just to
make it more enjoyable and so we'll get
into some of those in a bit more detail
once we get it opened up so first
there's a quick installation guide
important document you know what we're
not going to worry too much about that
download the latest drivers off the
rocket website and that was pretty much
it so packaging is very minimalistic on
this guy there we are and let's start
going through some of the features once
we get this covering sort of torn off
there we go there we go alright so
relatively low profile keys so you can
see the key caps don't stand up very
high so it's not quite like a like a
laptop keyboard but it is there the idea
is responsiveness so it features a
thousand Hertz polling rate so there
should be pretty much no leg and then
the idea with the low profile keys is
that you should be able to actuate them
more quickly this is especially
important for membrane key switches
because you do have to bottom them out
in order to activate them I'm actually
going to pull this up as a cheat sheet
because there's a lot of stuff to cover
all right programmable keys so you've
actually got a zone here and I'm going
to use this to illustrate it right here
of 20 keys that can have macro
functionality programmed into them and
simply by using the rocket shift plus so
you have a regular shift key and then
you have another sort of see you can see
it's got like a weird sort of graphic on
it with like a downward shift and a plus
so that's the shift plus so when you're
gaming you put your hand there and then
all of these keys over here in this zone
that you can reach with your hand can be
programmed to have macro functionality
this to me is a way better solution than
having something like a programmable key
that's off to the side I mean we've seen
ones with banks of programmable keys
that are this big how you going to reach
and you don't take your hand off the
keyboard to go like fumble if a macro
doesn't work that way so the shift is a
great addition not only that but with
rocket talks if you have a rocket Mouse
as well
you can press shift on your mouse and
then activate a macro key on the
keyboard or you can press shift on the
keyboard and change the functionality of
any of the keys on the mouse so the way
that they work together is very very
very cool you've also got some fully
programmable keys so these can have a
basic function programmed and then a
shift plus functionality programmed into
them so either those can be macros a
regular functionality and they've added
three thumb buttons here that they're
calling like quick strike buttons or
something along those lines of the idea
is that they're things that you could
reach with your thumb
rather than spacebar and there's a
little indent here so you can tell which
one you're actually touching so that's
very very cool stuff they've actually
also added an indent on the W key itself
so it's your regular home row one's your
W and then this thumb one here as well
as the five over on the number pad the
layout is very standard so they haven't
committed any cardinal sins the caps
lock key looks like it's been replaced
I'm not sure if they have a software
functionality to turn that back on it's
probably not the end of the world since
most gamers should have their caps lock
keys taken away anyway long enter
backspace and shift keys so nothing
nothing wrong with the layout whatsoever
quick macro recording so on-the-fly you
can record macros and use them this is
kind of neat this is something we have
seen before
there are also media keys up here at the
top and pretty soon it's going to be
time to start talking about some of the
other software functionality which I've
kind of forgotten about ah yes so Rocket
FX is pretty neat so you can actually
tell the keyboard you want it to have
certain effects when certain things
happen so if you get hit for example the
keyboard could glow red it has a fully
adjustable color so something sixteen
point eight million colors so you can
light it up in whatever color you want
180 plus programmable
functions and the Mac for live recording
okay twenty five-plus functions
assignable to media plus hotkeys okay
yeah we got all that got all that six
brightness levels out has anti-ghosting
so you don't have to worry about
so what ghosting is is if you press a
bunch of keys then it can just register
random extra keystrokes so it does have
anti-ghosting thousand Hertz pulling
rate we've covered already the rocket
talk set bonus is neat so the cone pier
and the cone at shoot xtd are the ones
that actually support that functionality
with the keyboard ah we'll be back in a
moment so you can have a number of
different game profiles and that can be
indicated by the profile selector button
up here so that'll shift to a bunch of
different macros and all that kind of
cool stuff the wrist rest is actually I
think one of the stronger points of this
keyboard not necessarily because it's
like through super heavy-duty or
anything like that but it's quite long
so it actually gives you somewhere to
rest your wrist unlike a lot of the
gaming keyboards we've seen in the past
that are kind of like this where you
fall off them especially if you have
longer hands so it's a very natural it's
a very natural shape to put your entire
palm down which is technically bad
keyboarding form but let's face it a lot
of people do it so it is what it is
you've got cable management holes on the
bottom here so you can route your mouse
cable or sort of any other necessary
cables around you've also got a nice
rubber on the bottom all over the place
the entire under the wrist rest is here
here here and here and then up on the
top of the keyboard there here here and
here and then these unfortunately do not
have do they okay I can't quite tell
that looks like it yeah these have the
same rubber pads on them as well so
that's actually quite nice to see
because sometimes you put those feet up
and they don't have rubber on them so
they can actually move around yeah the
whole keyboards not going anywhere once
we get it set up so I think that pretty
much covers it for now thank you for
checking out this unboxing and first
look at the sqf x from rocket don't
forget to subscribe to Linus tech tips
for more unboxings reviews and other
computer videos actually it occurs to me
now we should have done a nice shot of
this guy so you can see we've got it on
a cycling effect where it's changing the
colors or it's breathing or it's doing
something I don't know there's a bunch
of different functionality
that you can access just by pressing
that there we go so there's some
different brightness levels it's kind of
neat the way they've done the
illumination so the keys actually don't
even look like like they're clear like
they're see-through for the for the
buttons themselves you can see them
quite clearly in the light but then they
do illuminate once the keyboard is once
the light gets a little bit darker in
the room so now we're actually done